Clarified "Scheme Specific Portion" (#52)
ietf-wg-wimse/draft-ietf-wimse-identifier: draft-ietf-wimse-identifier.md

## Scheme Specific Portion

This specification does not define additional structure or semantics for the Workload Identifier beyond the generic URI syntax and the trust domain carried in the authority component.

> The path component is deployment-specific and is interpreted according to the policy of the trust domain, as implemented by the issuer or issuers authorized for that trust domain.

Reviewer: Future defined schemes may further specify the structure and semantics of the path portion of the URL.

> The path component is deployment-specific and is interpreted according to the policy of the trust domain, as implemented by the issuer or issuers authorized for that trust domain.

Author: ```suggestion
The structure of path component can be constrained by the scheme. Its contents are deployment-specific and are interpreted according to the scheme, policy of the trust domain, as implemented by the issuer or issuers authorized for that trust domain.
```
